One evening, you and your friends meet up at your house and talk about an abandoned villa that Simon spotted on the outskirts of the city. You decide to go to the villa and take a look. 
The door isn't locked, so you enter. It's dark inside, and you turn your flashlights on. You look around the living room, and as soon as you take your eyes off of Simon, you start smelling a strange herbal scent. You look around and see Simon lying on the couch with a blanket in his hand. Manuel says he is going outside to keep a watch, so nobody comes in. But the truth is, he is just scared, and he doesn't want you to know. After he went out, you took a look at the supply room. Suddenly, you hear a squeaky scream from outside, and the entire group rushes outside, looking for defenseless Manuel, as soon as you reach the front door, you realize that you are locked in. Emma starts panicking and screaming around, “I am too young to die." 
“We have to get out of here as fast as possible", says Sophie. After y'all don't know what to do, Simon drops out of nowhere, saying that he saw a window when you went past the kitchen. Emma starts screaming at him: “Couldn't you say that earlier? I am about to get a heart attack here, and you don't even say that there is a window! I hate you, you little drug-addicted dumb kid!” But Simon doesn't even listen; he just sits in the corner, lighting another Blunt. Emma starts to go crazy, but Sophie manages to calm her down. And you say, “Hurry up, we have to get out of here!” Everybody listens, and you go into the kitchen. When you see the window, you go and take a look, and you realize it's closed and you can't open it. You turn around, and there stands Simon already with a bloody hand. 
Emma starts screaming again, and Simon says, "Why can't you shut up a single time?” You try to distract them, and you ask, “Where did you get this hand?” Calm answers, “I found it in the fridge.” Then Sophie says, “I found a crowbar; we might use it to get out of here.” In that moment, you see a filler. 

You can decide: Would you rather use the spatula to open up the window? Go on here [opened_window]. Or do you want to use the crowbar, then jump to page [crowbar]? 

